Hacktoberfest 2019 - Add the announcement blog + apply some copy edits (#2520)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/events/hacktoberfest.adoc

1. Sign-up to Hacktoberfest on link:https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com[the event website].
2. Join link:https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/hacktoberfest[our Gitter channel].
3. Everything is set, just start creating pull-requests!

> ** This year Hacktoberfest does require labeling pull requests,

Reviewer: Match with the later statement that Hacktoberfest does not require labeling pull requests.

```suggestion
** This year Hacktoberfest does not require labeling pull requests,
```

>    but we ask to mention Hacktoberfest in your pull requests so that we can help them to get reviews quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   but please mention Hacktoberfest in your pull requests so that they are reviewed quickly
```

   (see link:/events/hacktoberfest/faq/#how-do-i-mark-my-pull-requests[FAQ: Marking Pull requests])

== Where to contribute?

The Jenkins project is spread across several organizations on GitHub (jenkinsci, jenkins-x, jenkins-infra).

> You are welcome contribute to **any** repository in **any** of those organizations, or to any other Jenkins-related repository on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are welcome to contribute to **any** repository in **any** of those organizations, or to any other Jenkins-related repository on GitHub.
```

However various components in Jenkins have differing review and delivery velocity.
If you adopt Jenkins in your own open-source projects (e.g. Jenkins Pipeline or Configuration as Code),
it counts as well!

> === Featured projects

Author: Will add generic GitHUb/JIRA queries in a follow-up PR
